two of four docs slashed and burned (#30)
aFuzzyBear/astro-ui: docs/XElement/sarahEdits/GettingStarted.md

What you can do with this little `<HelloWorld>` component is entirely up to your imagination.

Let's make our `<HelloWorld>` component fade in, using the **Web Animation API**.

```astro
---
import XElement from 'astro-`xelement`'

const {h1:HelloWorld} = XElement

//Declaring the Keyframe sequence inside Astro
const fadeIn = [
    { 
        opacity: 0
    },
    {
        opacity: 1
    }
];
// Also declaring the timing options
const animationTiming = {
    duration: 1500,
    easing: 'ease-in',
    fill: 'both'
};

---
<HelloWorld
    @animate ={fadeIn}
    @timings ={animationTiming}
>
    !! Hello World !!
<HelloWorld>
```

Now, you should see the text 'Hello-World' fade nicely in to view.

-----------------------

## `<Counter>`

How could we not provide an example of a 'Counter'?

You will notice that Astro starter "framework" examples (e.g. React, Svelte etc.) contain a counter component to show you how framework components work in Astro.

With XElement, you can have a fully-functioning, interactive *Astro* counter component, no other framework required!

> ## `<Counter>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Let Start
```

> Let's create our own interactive `<Counter>` component. Note that this time, we will need to import multiple XElement components, one to represent each HTML element we wish to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create our own interactive `<Counter>` component. Note that this time, we will need to declare a few different XElements, one to represent each HTML element we wish to create.
```

---
```

Here we are defining three different types HTML elements to create four distinct HTML elements. (Remember, we're making two buttons. So they are distinct elements in the document, but they are the same type of element!) 

Two types of these *Named Elements* are familiar HTML Elements: `<button>` and `<span>`. The parent component is our `<Counter>` and is not named. It produces an HTML `<counter>` element which is a `DocumentFragment`, a special type of HTML element. (reference link)

Let's see how we can make our XElement `<Counter>` component **do** some stuff: Add, subtract, display the current count. This is what the code looks like:

```astro
---
import XElement from 'astro-`xelement`'
const {..., button:Button, span:Display, Counter} = XElement
---
<Counter
    @do={(element,store)=>{
        store.count = 0 
    }}
    >
    
    <Button 
        @click={(event,store)=>{ 
        display.textContent =  ++store.count
    }}>
        +
    </Button>
    
     <Display id="display">0</Display>
    
    <Button 
        @click={(event,store)=>{
        display.textContent = --store.count
    }}>
        -
    </Button>
</Counter>
```
### `@` decorators

> To apply JavaScript to our component, we use one of the many `@` decorators recognized by `XElement` to specify what type of action we wish it to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start enhancing our component, we use one of the many `@` decorators recognized by `XElement` to specify what type of action we wish it to perform.
```

`@do` is a common instruction to "do" something. And in our buttons, we will use `@click` to describe an `onClick` action.

### `store`

XElement also provides a `store`: a special non-persistent data object that is available to all `XElement` components. This lets you *store* your data and allows it to be used elsewhere on the page. We are keeping track of our counter's `count` in this store object.

### `id`

Giving an `id` to an XElment, as we have done with `<Display>`, allows us to target that element from elsewhere in the component tree. In this example, we can update the counter's displayed count by referencing, then changing the `<Display>` element's `textContent`.

### Summary 

> In this example, what we are asking our `<Counter>` parent element to **do**  is initialise the `store` with a `count` of `0`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, what we are asking our  parent element, the `<Counter>` to **do**  is initialise the `store` with a `count` of `0`. 
```

And, we are telling the buttons that when they receive a `click` event, they should increment or decrement the `store.count` and update the `display.textContent`.

This `<Counter>` example renders the following HTML to the page:
```html
<counter>

>     <span id="display">0</span>

Reviewer: This is missing the second button 🙂

Author: D'oh! I was experimenting moving them around to maybe put the buttons on either side of the display, and one of them obviously never got pasted back in.
